Technical Reports
###################
#. Schambach, L, Grilli, S.T., Kirby, J. T., Shi, F., 2017, "Landslide Tsunami Hazard along the Upper U.S. East Coast: Effects of slide rheology and bottom friction", CACR Report, CACR-17-04.

#.	Tehranirad, B. and Kirby, J. T. and Shi, F., 2016, "Does morphological adjustment during tsunami inundation increase levels of hazard?", Research Report No. CACR-16-02, Center for Applied Coastal Research, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Delaware.#.	Dong, Z., Kirby, J. T. and Shi, F., 2016, "Wave-current interaction in strongly sheared mean flows", Research Report No. CACR-16-03, Center for Applied Coastal Research, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Delaware.#.	Tehranirad, B., Kirby, J. T., Callahan, J. A. and Shi, F., 2015, "Tsunami inundation mapping for Atlantic City, NJ NGDC DEM", Research Report No. CACR-15-01, Center for Applied Coastal Research, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Delaware. (DRAFT)#.	Tehranirad, B., Kirby, J. T., Callahan, J. A. and Shi, F., 2015, "Tsunami inundation mapping for the northern half of the State of New Jersey", Research Report No. CACR-15-02, Center for Applied Coastal Research, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Delaware. (DRAFT)#.	Tehranirad, B., Kirby, J. T., Callahan, J. A. and Shi, F., 2015, "Tsunami inundation mapping for New York City", Research Report No. CACR-15-03, Center for Applied Coastal Research, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Delaware. (DRAFT)#.	Tehranirad, B., Kirby, J. T., Callahan, J. A. and Shi, F., 2015, "Tsunami inundation mapping for Montauk, NY NGDC DEM", Research Report No. CACR-15-04, Center for Applied Coastal Research, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Delaware. (DRAFT)#.	Tehranirad, B., Kirby, J. T., Callahan, J. A. and Shi, F., 2015, "Tsunami inundation mapping for Nantucket, MA NGDC DEM", Research Report No. CACR-15-05, Center for Applied Coastal Research, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Delaware. (DRAFT)#.	Tehranirad, B., Kirby, J. T. and Shi, F., 2015, "Tsunami Inundation Mapping for Virginia Beach, VA NGDC DEM", Research Report No. CACR-15-11, Center for Applied Coastal Research, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Delaware. (DRAFT)#.	Tehranirad, B., Kirby, J. T. and Shi, F., 2015, "Tsunami Inundation Mapping for Cape Hatteras, NC NGDC DEM", Research Report No. CACR-15-12, Center for Applied Coastal Research, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Delaware. (DRAFT)#.	Tehranirad, B., Kirby, J. T. and Shi, F., 2015, "Tsunami Inundation Mapping for Myrtle Beach, SC NGDC DEM", Research Report No. CACR-15-13, Center for Applied Coastal Research, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Delaware. (DRAFT)#.	Tehranirad, B., Kirby, J. T. and Shi, F., 2015, "Tsunami Inundation Mapping for Savannah, GA NGDC DEM", Research Report No. CACR-15-14, Center for Applied Coastal Research, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Delaware. (DRAFT)#.	Derakhti, M., Kirby, J. T., Shi, F. and Ma, G., 2015, "NHWAVE: Model revisions and tests of wave breaking in shallow and deep water", Research Report No. CACR-15-18, Center for Applied Coastal Research, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Delaware.#.	Mieras, R., Kirby, J. T. and Shi, F., 2014, "A high-resolution numerical model investigation into the response of a channelized salt marsh to a storm surge event", Research Report No. CACR-14-07, Center for Applied Coastal Research, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Delaware.#.	Tehranirad, B., Banihashemi, S., Kirby, J. T., Callahan, J. A. and Shi, F., 2014, "Tsunami inundation mapping for Ocean City, MD NGDC DEM", Research Report No. CACR-14-04, Center for Applied Coastal Research, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Delaware.#.	Ma, G., Kirby, J. T. and Shi, F., 2012, "Multiscale numerical study of turbulent flow and bubble entrainment in the surf zone", Research Report No. CACR-12-08, Center for Applied Coastal Research, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, Univ. of Delaware, Newark.#.	Shi, F., Kirby, J. T., Ma, G., Tehranirad, B., 2012, "Non-Hydrostatic Wave Model NHWAVE - User's Guide for Modeling Submarine Landslide Tsunami", Research Report, CACR-12-04, University of Delaware, Newark, Delaware.#.	Shi, F., Kirby, J. T., Tehranirad, B., 2012, "Tsunami Benchmark Results for Spherical Coordinate Version of FUNWAVE-TVD", Research Report, CACR-12-02, University of Delaware, Newark, Delaware.#.	Shi, F., Kirby, J. T., Hsu, T.-J., and Chen J.-L., 2012, "NearCoM-TVD, documentation and users' manual", Research Report, CACR (draft), University of Delaware, Newark, Delaware.#.	Shi, F., Kirby, J. T., Tehranirad, B. and Harris, J. C., 2011, "FUNWAVE-TVD, documentation and users' manual'', Research Report, CACR-11-03, University of Delaware, Newark, Delaware.#.	Tehranirad, B., Shi, F., Kirby, J. T., Harris, J. C. and Grilli, S., 2011, "Tsunami benchmark results for fully nonlinear Boussinesq wave model FUNWAVE-TVD, Version 1.0", Research Report No. CACR-11-02, Center for Applied Coastal Research, Univ. of Delaware, Newark, Delaware#.	Chen, Y., Shi, F., and Kirby, J. T., 2010, Coupling of wave and circulation models for prediction storm-induced waves, surges, and coastal inundation, Research Report 2010-06, Center for Appl. Coastal Res., Univ. of Del., Newark.#.	Shi, F., J. T. Kirby, P. A. Newberger, and K. Haas (2005), NearCoM master program, version 2005.4, User's manual and module integration, Research Report 2005-10, Center for Appl. Coastal Res., Univ. of Del., Newark.#.	Kirby, J. T., Dalrymple, R. A. and Shi, F., "Combined Refraction/Diffraction Model REF/DIF 1, Version 2.6. Documentation and User's Manual'', Research Report No. CACR-02-02, Center for Applied Coastal Research, Department of Civil Engineering, University of Delaware, Newark.#.	Hommel, D. L., Kirby, J. T. and Shi, F., "Vortex formation resulting from solitary wave interaction with a breakwater'', Report CACR-01-03, Center for Applied Coastal Research, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Delaware, July 2001.#.	Shi, F., Dalrymple. R. A., Kirby, J. T., Chen, Q., and Kennedy, A. B., "A Fully nonlinear Boussinesq Model in generalized curvilinear coordinates", Center for Applied Coastal Research, Department of Civil Engineering, University of Delaware, Newark,1999