Conference Proceedings 
##########################

#.	Chen, J.-L., Hsu, T.-J., Shi, F. Raubenheimer, B., and Elgar, S., 2014, "Hydrodynamic modeling of New River Inlet, North Carolina, using NearCoM-TVD", Proc. 34nd Int. Conf. Coastal Engineering, Seoul, July.#.	Keshtpoor M., Puleo J.A., Shi F., 2013, Downdrift Beach Erosion Adjacent to the Indian River Inlet, Delaware, USA., NSBPA Conference, The Richard Stockton College of New Jersey, Galloway, New Jersey.#.	Grilli, S., Harris, J. C., Kirby, J. T., Shi, F., Ma, G., Masterlark, T., Tappin, D. and Tajalli Bakhsh, T. S., 2013, "Modeling of the Tohoku-Oki 2011 tsunami generation, far-field and coastal impact: A mixed co-seismic and SMF source", Proc. Coastal Dynamics 2013, Arcachon, June.#.	Grilli, S.T., J.C. Harris, J.T. Kirby, F. Shi, and G. Ma, T. Masterlark, D.R. Tappin and T.S. Tajali-Bakhsh 2013. On the dispersive modeling of the 2011 Tohoku tsunami generation by coseismic/SMF processes, and near- and far-field impact. In Proc. 28th Intl. Workshop on Water Waves and Floating Bodies (L'isle sur la Sorgue, France, April 2013) (ed. B. Molin, O. Kimmoun, F. Remy), pp. 77-80, Ecole Centrale de Marseilles.#.	Grilli, S. T., Harris, J. C., Tajali-Baksh, T. S., Tappin, D. R., Masterlark, T., Kirby, J. T., Shi, F. and Ma, G., 2013,"Recent progress in the nonlinear and dispersive modeling of tsunami generation and coastal impact: Application to Tohoku 2011", Proc. 13 Journees de l'Hydrodynamique, Chatou, Nov. 21-23.#.	Grilli, S. T., Harris, J. C., Tajalibakhsh, T., Kirby, J. T., Shi, F., Masterlark, T. L. and Kyriakopoulos, C., 2012, "Numerical simulation of the 2011 Tohoku tsunami: Comparison with field observations and sensitivity to model parameters", Proc. ISOPE, Rhodes, June.#.	Shi,F., Ma, G., and Kirby, J. T., 2012, "Application of a TVD solver in a suite of coastal engineering models", 33d Int. Conf. Coastal Engrng., Santander.#.	Grilli, S. T., Harris, J. T., Shi, F., Kirby, J. T., Tajalibakhsh, T. and Tehranirad, B., 2012, "Numerical modeling of tsunami coastal impact: assessment and parameterization of nonlinear, dispersive, and breaking dissipation effects", 33d Int. Conf. Coastal Engrng., Santander.#.	Kirby, J. T., Ma, G., and Shi, F, 2012, "Numerical investigation of turbulent bubbly flow under breaking waves", 33d Int. Conf. Coastal Engrng., Santander#.	Grilli, S. T., Harris, J. T., Shi, F., Kirby, J. T., Tajalibakhsh, T. and Tehranirad, B., 2012, "Numerical modeling of tsunami coastal impact: assessment and parameterization of nonlinear, dispersive, and breaking dissipation effects", 33d Int. Conf. Coastal Engrng., Santander#.	Chen, J., Shi, F., and Hsu, T.-J., 2011, A numerical investigation on hyperpycnal flow, Proc. Coastal Sediments' 11, Miami, May, 2011.#.	Shi, F., Ma, G., and Kirby, J. T., 2010, "Numerical modeling of optical properties inside the surfzone", Proc. 32nd Int. Conf. Coastal Engineering, Shanghai, July.#.	Misra, S., Narayanaswamy, M. S., Shi, F., and Schulte, R., 2010, "Design optimization of caisson breakwater superstructures using a 2DV RANS-VOF numerical model", Proc. 32nd Int. Conf. Coastal Engineering, Shanghai, July.#.	Ma, G., Shi, F. and Kirby, J. T., 2010, "A polydisperse two-fluid model for bubble plumes under breaking waves", Proc. 7th Int. Conf. Multiphase Flow, ICMF 2010, Tampa, FL, May30-June 4.#.	Kirby, J. T., Pophet, N., Shi, F. and Grilli, S. T., 2009, "Basin scale tsunami propagation modeling using Boussinesq models: Parallel implementation in spherical coordinates'', Proc. WCCE-ECCE-TCCE Joint conference on Earthquake and Tsunami, Istanbul, June 22-24, paper 100 (published on CD).#.	Shi, F., Kirby, J. T., Haller, M. C. and Catalan, P., 2008, "Modeling of surfzone bubbles using a multiphase VOF model", Proc. 31st Int. Conf. Coastal Engineering, Hamburg, September..#.	Asavanant, J., Ioualalen, M., Kaewbanjak, N., Grilli, S., Watts, P., Kirby, J. and Shi, F., 2008, "Numerical simulation of the December 26, 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami'', in Modeling, simulation and optimization of complex processes, Bock, H. G., Kostina, E., Phu, H. X. and Rannacher, R. (eds), Proc. 3d Int. Conf. on High Performance Scientific Computing, Hanoi, March 6-10, 2006, 59-68.#.	Chen Y., Shi F., and Kirby J. T., 2007, "Coupling of meteorology, ocean and nearshore models for predicting coastal inundation along Delaware's coast", Proc. Estuarine and Coastal Modeling, Kingston, 150-162.#.	Briganti, R., Kirby, J. T., Shi, F., Brocchini, M., Chen, Q. and Lipphardt, B. L., 2006, "Wave-averaged and wave-resolving numerical modeling of vorticity transport in the nearshore region: the SANDYDUCK case study", Proc. 30th Int. Conf. Coastal Engrng., San Diego, September, 1066-1078.#.	Shi, F, Kirby, J. T., and Haas K., 2006, Quasi-3D Nearshore Circulation Equations:? a CL-Vortex Force Formulation, presented at ICCE 2006, Los Angeles, Proceedings of 30th Intl. Conf. Coastal Engineering.#.	Watts, P., Ioualalen, M., Grilli, S. T., Kirby, J. T. and Shi, F. "Numerical simulations of the December 26, 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami using a higher-order Boussinesq model'', Proc. Waves'05, Madrid, July 3-7 2005, Paper 221.#.	Zou, Z., Kirby, J. T. and Shi, F., 2004, "2D Higher order Boussinesq equations for waves in flows with vorticity'', Proc. 29th Int. Conf. Coastal Engrng., Lisbon, September, 106-118.#.	Shi, F., Zhao, Q., and Kirby, J. T., 2004, "Modeling wave interaction with complex coastal structures using an enhanced VOF model", 29th Intl. Conf. Coastal Engrng., Lisbon, September.#.	Kirby, J. T., Kennedy, A. B. and Shi, F., "Irregular forcing and/or irregular response in coupled wave-current systems in the nearshore ocean'', SIAM Conference on Mathematical and Computational Issues in the Geosciences, Austin, March 17-20, 2003.#.	Kennedy, A. B., Shi, F. and Kirby, J. T., "Time-dependent wave forcing in computational nearshore hydrodynamics'', Proc. Second M.I.T. Conference on Computational Fluid and Solid Mechanics, Cambridge, June 17 - 20, 2003.#.	Kennedy, A. B., Kirby, J. T. and Shi, F., "Computing unsteady wave refraction and diffraction in the nearshore'', Proceedings of 28th Intl. Conf. Coastal Engrng., Cardiff, July, 2002, 426-438#.	Shi, F., Svendsen, I.A. and Kirby, J.T., Cuvilinear modeling of nearshore circulation in Grays Habour, Washington, Proceedings of 28th Intl. Conf. Coastal Engrng., Cardiff, July 2002, 810-822#.	Kaihatu, J. M., Shi, F., Kirby, J. T. and Svendsen, I. A., "Incorporation of random wave effects into a quasi-3D nearshore circulation model'', Proceedings of the 28th International Conference on Coastal Engineering, Cardiff, July 7-12, 2002, 747-759.#.	Shi, F., Kirby, J. T., Dalrymple, R. A. and Chen, Q., 2001, A curvilinear Boussinesq model and its application, presented at Waves'01, San Francisco, September 2001, published in Ocean Wave Measurement and Analysis, 844-853#.	Hommel, D., Shi, F., Dalrymple, R.A., Kirby, J.T., Chen, Q., 2000, Modeling of wave-induced vortex near a breakwater, Proc. 27th Intl. Conf. Coastal Engrng., Sydney, 2318-2330, July 2000.#.	Chen, Q., Kirby, J. T., Dalrymple, R. A., Kennedy, A. B., Thornton, E. B., and Shi, F., 2000, Boussinesq modeling of waves and longshore currents under field conditions, Proc. 27th Intl. Conf. Coastal Engrng., Sydney, 651-663, July 2000.#.	Shi, F. and Ding, P., 1998, Moving boundary models of storm surge flooding, HYDRODYNAMICS, ICHD-98, H.Kim, S.H.Lee and S.J.Lee (eds), 273-278.#.	Shi, F. and Ding, P., 1997, Numerical simulation of nearshore wave-induced currents, PROCEEDINGS 8TH NATIONAL CONF. ON ESTUARINE AND COASTAL ENGINEERING, Ocean Press, Beijing, 108-114.#.	Shi, F. and Chen, J., 1997, On moving boundary models used in wide tidal flats, PROCEEDINGS 8TH NATIONAL CONF. ON ESTUARINE AND COASTAL ENGINEERING, Ocean Press, Beijing, 507-511.#.	Kong, Y., Shi, F. and Ding, P.,1997, The numerical calculation of the radiation stress field of random waves, PROCEEDINGS 8TH NATIONAL CONF. ON ESTUARINE AND COASTAL ENGINEERING, Ocean Press, Beijing, 747-753.#.	Shi, F. and Sun, W., 1995, A moving boundary model in a boundary-fitted grid and a simulation of storm surge flooding, NUMERICAL COMPUTATIONS IN ADVANCED SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOG, NDSTU Press, Changsha, 134-141.